---
{
  "title": "201.2: I can write a consistent and eligible proposal",
  "slt": ["201.2"],
  "type": "Lesson",
  "description": "",
  "videoURL": "https://youtu.be/K-6_jhYpWgI?si=JIy8Ju84MD9ZURWZ",
  "lastEdited": "",
  "author": "Rafael"
}
---

# Lesson 201.2: I can write a consistent and eligible proposal

## Lesson Objectives

- Develop a project idea that aligns with Deep Funding’s goals and fits within a specific funding pool.
- Understand and apply the criteria required for a successful proposal within the chosen pool.
- Create a clear and impactful proposal document.

## Idea Generation and Pool Alignment

Now that you know what it takes to participate in Deep Funding you can start working on **Creating a Comprehensive Proposal**.

To help you in the proccess here is a set of **tips and steps for you to create your proposal**

1. Begin by brainstorming project ideas that resonate with Deep Funding’s mission. Select the most viable idea and **identify the most appropriate funding pool** for this idea based on the **[guidelines](https://deepfunding.ai/rules/#Round4BetaTestround8211PoolDetails)** provided.

2. Review **[similar, previously approved proposals](https://deepfunding.ai/projects-and-proposals/)** to understand what makes a successful submission. Note key elements that contributed to their approval and consider how you can incorporate these aspects into your proposal.

3. Start drafting your proposal, ensuring you answer all the required questions and adhere to the guidelines specific to your chosen pool. Add relevant information about yourself and your work experience in your profile, especially considering the proposal you're creating, and make sure your team members do the same. Understanding the experience of the team, is really important for voters to understand the likelihood of success of your proposal.

You can also watch this video, that goes through the **process of exploring the Deep Funding platform** and showing you how to check previous proposals and how to create your own: **[The Crypto Grants Program for AI Development - Deep Funding Tutorial](https://youtu.be/K-6_jhYpWgI?si=JIy8Ju84MD9ZURWZ)**

If you need additional information on how to **create and refine your idea**, check out this workshop Swarm recorded: **[Mini Proposal Workshop #1 by Tevo Saks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPifzITmqsk)**

### Extra tips:

1. Be mindful of the reader. Try to put yourself in their shoes, **keep it simple, avoid getting too technical, and don't write more than you actually need to.**

2. Try to **make your proposal** look **visually appealing** and stand out form all the rest.

3. Look for a way for people to understand and **relate to the problem and the solution. Tell stories, and give examples.**

4. Make sure you share enough for people to **understand the impact and potential** for your idea, and feel confident that your team is able to deliver it.

### Task

**Write a Proposal for one of your ideas** following the Deep Funding Guidelines and what you learned in this course.
