---
{
  "title": "203.1: Participating in Deep Funding Rounds",
  "slt": ["203.1"],
  "type": "Lesson",
  "description": "",
  "videoURL": "",
  "lastEdited": "",
  "author": "Felix"
}
---

# Lesson 203.1: Participating in Deep Funding Rounds

## Lesson Overview

In this lesson, you'll actively participate in a Deep Funding round by familiarizing yourself with voting guidelines, linking your wallet, navigating the voting platform, and ultimately casting votes on proposals. This hands-on approach aims to provide you with practical experience in the voting process and deepen your engagement with the Deep Funding community.

## Lesson Objectives

- Understand the importance of the voting process in the Deep Funding ecosystem.
- Learn to navigate Deep Funding's announcements, wallet-linking tools, and voting platform.
- Develop the ability to evaluate proposals and make informed voting decisions.

Here's how you can participate:

## Familiarization with Voting Guidelines

Each Deep Funding Round will announce relevant voting guidelines and post updates and announcements on its news blog and social media channels.

Follow announcements on the Deep Funding Portal to stay up to date. **[https://deepfunding.ai/updates/](https://deepfunding.ai/updates/)**

Once you know the voting processes, you can learn about preparing yourself and your wallets.

## Wallet Preparation and Linking

SingularityNET offers us a Wallet Linking Tool, which makes it easier for processes such as voting to take the total amount of AGIX you are holding into account without the need to go through the same process again with multiple wallets.
You can connect and link your wallets at this link:
**[https://mywallets.singularitynet.io/](https://mywallets.singularitynet.io/)**

Additional information and a FAQ are available at the same link; take some time to read through everything. :).

You are ready to vote if you and your wallets are all set.

## Navigating the Voting Platform

SingularityNET's voting platform, used to cast community votes, provides additional information and guidelines, which are updated and adjusted for each voting event. Take some time and read carefully through the guiding information on the voting portal.
**[https://voting.deepfunding.ai/](https://voting.deepfunding.ai/)**

There you go. Once on the platform, connect your wallet and cast your votes.

1. Select the category
   Proposals are categorized into several "pools". If you select a Pool, you can find all the listed proposals on which you can vote.

2. Cast your votes on the proposals
   You will see that you can vote on a scale of 0 to 10 for each proposal, whereby 0 is the lowest vote, and 10 is the highest vote. You can vote on as many proposals as you want, yet remember that you can vote only once for each proposal.
   Once you cast all your votes, you can sign and confirm your vote by clicking the button at the bottom of the page. The browser extension of your wallet will open up; you enter your password, and that's it. Your vote is officially cast, and no tokens are spent.

### Task

Cast your vote in a Deep Funding round and provide the hash of the voting transaction here.
