---
{
  "title": "203.2: Understand Your Voting Power",
  "slt": ["203.2"],
  "type": "Lesson",
  "description": "",
  "videoURL": "",
  "lastEdited": "",
  "author": "Felix"
}
---

# Lesson 203.2: Understand Your Voting Power

Your voting power, a combination of AGIX holdings and certain engagement levels within the community, determines your influence in Deep Funding. Two categories can be used to calculate one's voting power.

1. The AGIX Assets & Behaviour
2. Specific Contributions

Let's look a bit deeper into these categories.

## AGIX Assets & Behaviour

Deep Funding, at this point, follows a basic plutocratic approach, in which voting power is defined by the amount of AGIX held by a voter. In a drastically simplified way, you can think of it as:

> 1,000 AGIX = 1,000 Voting Power or 1 AGIX = 1 Voting Power

So, the more AGIX you hold, the more power you have. Yet, it's a bit more complicated than that.

Deep Funding develops and improves parameters to provide an equal voting power distribution across large and smallholders, which is captured under a Contribution score applied to voting wallets. Some essential factors of the Contribution score are:

### Wallet Age

By Wallet Age, we mean the time since a wallet has held an AGIX token. If you hold tokens for several years, your assets will have a more substantial impact than if they were bought just before the voting event. This favors long-term relations that the ecosystem aims to establish with its community.

### Community Engagements

Deep Funding has developed a Contribution score in active collaboration with the community to incentivize and support community engagements. This score provides an algorithm to transform community engagement into voting weight. The more valuable engagements a community member has, the higher their contribution score and the greater their gained voting weight. While the specific parameters are constantly being identified and developed, some have been used in previous Deep Funding Rounds.

- Submitting a Proposal
- Receiving reactions (Thumbs up/down) on a Proposal
- Commenting on a Proposal
- Receiving reactions (Thumbs up/down) on a Comment

## Task

Create a account on the Deep Funding Portal, engage with content and start to build up your contribution score, gain weight to your voting power from round to round.
