---
{
  "title": "102.2: I know where to find documentation about funding Rounds and the different Project Pools",
  "slt": ["102.2"],
  "type": "Lesson",
  "description": "",
  "videoURL": "",
  "lastEdited": "02-23-2024",
  "author": "Ines"
}
---

# Lesson 102.2: I know where to find documentation about funding Rounds and the different Project Pools

## Lesson Overview

We designed this lesson to deepen your understanding of Deep Funding's operational framework by exploring the funding rounds and project pool documentation. Engaging with the material, you will learn to navigate these foundational elements essential for creating eligible and feasible proposals within the Deep Funding ecosystem.

## Lesson Objective

- Develop a comprehensive understanding of the different funding rounds and project pools within Deep Funding.
- Learn to effectively find and utilize documentation to support the development of project proposals.

## Exploratory Research

Begin by **[visiting](https://deepfunding.ai/rules/#Rounds/)** the specified Deep Funding rules and latest news section. Take detailed notes on the structure of funding rounds and the criteria for different project pools. Focus on understanding the purpose of each funding round and how projects are categorized.

## Documentation Review

- Conduct a thorough review of all available funding rounds and project pool documentation.
- Highlight essential information that would be crucial for someone looking to submit a proposal.

### Task

1. **Community Sharing**
   Join the Deep Funding **[Twitter Community](https://twitter.com/The_DF_Academy)**. Look for discussions or questions related to funding rounds and project pools. Engage in these conversations where possible, sharing insights or clarifications based on your research.

2. **Proposal Drafting Exercise**
   Using the information gathered, draft a mock proposal for a project. Ensure that your proposal aligns with the criteria of a specific funding round and project pool. This exercise aims to apply the knowledge directly and understand the practical considerations in proposal development.

Let's build Benevolent General Intelligence (BGI) together!
