---
{
  "title": "101.1: Introduction to the DFA Community",
  "slt": ["101.1"],
  "type": "Lesson",
  "description": "",
  "videoURL": "",
  "lastEdited": "02-23-2024",
  "author": "Ese Williams"
}
---

# Lesson 101.1: Introduction to DFA Community

Welcome to the Deep Funding Academy (DFA)! You're not just joining an academy but becoming part of a vibrant community at the forefront of decentralized finance education. This project will guide you through the essentials of effectively engaging within the DFA, Deep Funding, and SingularityNET Ecosystems.

## Lesson Objective

By the end of this lesson, you will have successfully introduced yourself to the DFA Community and engaged in meaningful interactions by asking and answering questions. This project aims to make you an active participant in our ecosystem, familiarize you with our community's resources, and enhance your network within the decentralized finance world.

## Benefits of Completing this Lesson

- Gain practical experience in navigating and contributing to a decentralized finance community.
- Develop communication and networking skills within a digital, decentralized ecosystem.
- Access educational resources and opportunities for growth within the DFA.

## Navigating DFA Campus Platforms ( Community )

Getting started on Discord

Discord is one of our primary tools for community interactions. To begin your journey, follow these steps.

### Step 1: Create a Discord Account

- If you don't have a Discord account, visit [Discord's website](https://discord.com/) and sign up.
- Follow the on-screen instructions to set up your account.

### Step 2: Joining the DFA Community Server

- Navigate to the DFA community server using **[this](https://discord.gg/Ez2t4vxV)** link.
- Explore the server's channels and familiarize yourself with the layout.

### Step 3: Introduce Yourself

- Head to the introductions channel to introduce yourself to the community.
- Share your background, interests, and what brought you to the DFA.

## Campus Etiquette:

- Be respectful and considerate in all interactions.
- Use clear and concise language.
- Feel free to ask questions and actively engage with the community.
