---
{
  "title": "101.3: Minting DFA Learner Token",
  "slt": ["101.3"],
  "type": "Lesson",
  "description": "",
  "videoURL": "",
  "lastEdited": "02-23-2024",
  "author": "Ese Williams"
}
---

### **Lesson 101.3: Minting DFA Learner Token**

What is a DFA Learner Token?

The DeepFunding Academy supports individuals and organizations in learning about the SingularityNet ecosystem, DeepFunding, and how to contribute. Anyone who holds a "Learner Token" can commit to assignments.

When you complete an assignment, and a course facilitator approves it, the completion is stored on-chain and displayed on your DFA learner token.

New possibilities emerge when your DFA Learner Token contains evidence of what you have learned. For example, you can commit to more challenging assignments.

After completing the necessary prerequisites, you can use your DFA Learner Token to mint a Contributor Token, which allows you to commit to projects and earn rewards within an organization.

In this course, we will show you how everything works. To get started, let's mint your DFA Learner Token.

### **Step by Step: How to Mint an Andamio PBL Learner Token**

Your DFA PBL Learner Token will be your record of progress in this course. You can give it any name you'd like. It will be as public as any other NFT, so think carefully about how much privacy you want on-chain. For now, an alias is best.

Step 1: Connect a browser wallet to the Cardano Preproduction Testnet

This DeepFunding Academy course is built on Cardano's Preproduction Testnet, often called "Preprod". We are providing this course on Preprod so you can learn about Andamio without spending real Ada. Later in this course, we'll show you how to build an Andamio instance on Cardano Mainnet.

Here is how to connect.

**Step 2: Get some Test Ada.**

To use Andamio, you need some Ada. Because this Andamio instance is working on Preprod, you will need some Test Ada. Navigate to the Cardano Testnets faucet to get some free "tAda".

**Step 3: Mint your Learner Token!**

Click here to see your Learner Dashboard. After you connect a wallet, click the button that says "Mint Your Learner Token." Give it a try!

You will know you are successful if:
You can see your DFA PBL Learner Token in your Preprod Wallet.

You can see your DFA PBL Learner Token on this page.
